[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a comedy horror film
dead snow
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
at a silent night in the woods covered
with snow a girl is running
like her life depends on it then a
shadow jumps at her
attacks her and feasts on her body while
she is screaming in huge pain
the next day a group of young people
come to a wooden cabin
located in these snow-covered mountains
for a vacation beggar's girlfriend
the owner of the cabin will join them
later since she wants to ski there by
herself
vegard and everyone go out for a play in
the snow then come back to the cabin at
night for more fun
games a blonde girl goes to the humble
toilet outside the cabin
and sees a creepy figure flits past the
toilet
the group decides to check around the
cabin after the blonde tells them about
what she saw
nothing is found however they are
startled by a mysterious hiker
who pays a sudden visit and begins to
tell a history about these mountains
there was a troop of ruthless german
soldiers stationed here during world war
ii they killed local people and robbed
their valuables
locals uprose and terminated most german
soldiers
when germany lost the war a captain led
the survived soldiers
to escape into these mountains with the
fortune they robbed and never be seen by
anyone ever again after that incident
rumors about scary ghosts in this area
spread
the hiker fails to persuade the young
people to leave the mountain
because the youngsters take his story
like a baseless tale
after the hiker leaves the cabin and
returns to his own tent
he is disturbed by a noise outside so he
grabs a shotgun
quickly and investigates someone flashes
past him
and slits his throat lightning fast he
limps back to the tent
but the murderer follows in and eats his
entrails
after having a nightmare about his
girlfriend dying in the snow
beggar decides to look for his
girlfriend the next morning
he doesn't find any trace of his
girlfriend but is horrified to discover
the dead hiker
who has the same death look as he
described in his story last night
outside the tent a track of footprints
with the blood draw vegard's attention
and he follows the footprints while
calling out his girlfriend's name
unluckily he falls through the snow into
a cave and is knocked unconscious
at the same time the others are drinking
in the cabin
a greasy boy finds an old wooden box
while looking for more beers
to everyone's surprise the box is full
of valuables
and golden trinkets from world war ii
they grab and play with the golds and
continue to party
a gold coin falls from greasy's pocket
on the snow
when he goes to the toilet a girl who
gets hooked by greasy's greasy hormones
goes after him into the stinky toilet to
play a sweet
fast but noisy hormone game causing them
to ignore a mysterious peeping tom
completely
who approaches near and picks up the
dropped coin with a rotten pale hand
two minutes later with the water pouring
time included greasy returns to the
cabin
leaving the unsatisfied girl in the
stinky toilet alone to enjoy the last
hormone flavor
however she's satisfied to see a
terrifying phase through the gap of the
wood planks
and soon gets attacked by the zombie
though she escapes from the toilet
she still gets taken away on her way to
the cabin for help
a brunette hears the girls moans and
suggests everyone look for the girl
after she turns off the music
instead of a girl they find vigrad's
girlfriend's rucksack buried in the snow
the brunette sees the face of the
disappeared girl outside the window
while the others are trying to figure
out what's going on soon the brunette
realizes it is not the girl's face
but her head separated from her body the
blonde doesn't believe what the brunette
says
until a zombie suddenly grasps her hair
through a window
the brunette saves the blonde by cutting
her hair but missing her head
unfortunately and the group all start
panicking
and try to defeat the zombies that come
all around the cabin
the brunette cut off a hand of a zombie
who punches through a window
and tries to open the door from the hand
cut off
they finally realize that they are
attacked by zombies
some zombies drag greasy out of a window
and make him the greasy soap
while the others are blocking the broken
door it's only four of them left
and they make a plan that the two girls
run down the mountain to get help
while the two boys martin and roy stay
behind to distract zombies
vegard wakes up eventually and makes it
to the surface
he makes a torch and searches the cave
the deep he goes
the more he discovers there are weapons
from world war ii
a nazi flag german helmets and his
girlfriend's head
the girl that died at the very beginning
and he figures out that the cave must be
the den of the disappearing german
soldiers
from the hiker story it's revealed that
after all these years the soldiers have
turned into zombies
a zombie hits vegard out of a sudden and
pushes him out of the cave
where vegard kills the zombie using a
helmet however before he can get a break
another zombie rises under the snow and
attacks fearguard
vegard is knocked from a cliffside by
the first zombie
after he kills the second one he is
bitten in the neck by the zombie
whilst the two hang from the cliff using
a zombie's noodle intestine as a rope
vagard headbutts the zombie and climbs
back up
the two girls are lost while escaping
and decide to run in opposite directions
to avoid zombies that are coming for
them the blonde gets knocked unconscious
soon
and awakens to a zombie eating her guts
she activates a stick grenade
that blows up herself and the zombie the
explosion attracts the zombie captain
and his zombie troop the brunette hides
up on a tree
where a zombie damn bird however gets
pissed off by the uninvited tree visitor
and therefore exposes her as to the two
following zombies
she kills a zombie with a tree branch
when she jumps down
cornered to the cliffside by the other
zombie she then breaks the ice edge
and falls off of a cliff luckily the
brunette survives
as she lands on thick snow meanwhile
vegard stitches his wounds and mounts a
machine gun to a snowmobile he finds
he then races back to the cabin martin
and roy are stuck back in the cabin
where roy makes a flame bottle planning
to burn all the zombies
with his poor aiming ability roy throws
the bottle at a wall
which lights the cabin and exposes their
location to the zombie captain
finally martin remembers his phone and
calls the police
who hang up his call after hearing his
absurd story
after escaping from the burning cabin
the two discover all sorts of tools in
the hormone smelly toilet
they pick up some power tools and begin
their fight against the zombie army
beggart arrives in time start shooting
and quickly kills all zombie on sight
however another wave of zombies attack
and kill vegard
during the chaos after vegard's death
the enraged martin accidentally kills
his girlfriend
the brunette who has returned to the
cabin more zombies come to attack
when martin is too shocked to move after
killing his hormone partner
he is bitten on the arm by a zombie to
prevent himself from getting infected
he cuts off his wounded arm without any
fear and then seals the bleeding by
burning his flesh and fire
believing he's pretty safe now he never
expects that a zombie pops out of the
snow suddenly
and bites him right on his frozen [ __ ]
in massive pain
and fear of losing his hormone ability
forever martin gives up the idea of
cutting it off
as he just did to his wounded arm after
a long battle
the only zombie still standing is the
zombie captain
but this is not the final victory for
martin and roy
with a roar of the captain countless
zombies are awakened from all over the
mountain
whilst running from hundreds of new
attackers roy is hit in the head by a
hammer
and killed by the captain who retrieves
a watch from roy's pocket
martin sees all these and realizes that
the zombies are here to get back their
treasures
rather than collect their poor hormone
weapons
upon knowing the zombies real intent
martin retrieves the treasure box from
the burnt down cabin
and hands it to the captain the zombies
withdraw after they get what they want
quickly martin runs down the hill to a
car and ready to start the engine
however he sees the zombie captain
appears outside the car window
when a gold coin drops from his pocket
to the car floor
it is his girlfriend who put the coin in
his pocket when they were partying last
night
martin turns his head towards the window
in fear and despair
seeing the zombie captain is about to
smash the car window
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out